<H1>CS-340</H1>
<br><H2>How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?</H2></br>
<br>To create software that’s easily maintained, read and adaptable I create software that’s easily transferred and modular. For example, the crud module used in Project three is easily interchanged with project one and Project two for reading, updating, and deleting data from the database. Working modularly increases production time and creates apps that are easily troubleshot and remedied.</br>

<br><H2>How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?</H2></br>
<br>As a computer scientist, I use primary critical thinking when dealing with software. I examine the challenge first. Upon comprehending the specifications, I can evaluate various approaches and determine which one best addresses the problem. Using this, I create test cases for each of my requirements that include pass and fail metrics. I can create a tool to address the difficulties, put the test cases into practice, and debug my new application with the help of the test cases. I'll keep using this technique to create high-caliber software and apps.</br>

<br><H2>What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?</H2></br>
<br>Computer scientists identify a problem, analyze it, and then evaluate their solution. This procedure is crucial to producing useful, high-quality software to provide to a customer. It is impossible to grow and learn from an experience if one does not attempt to find a solution to the problem. Modular software development makes modules that can be readily replaced or implemented elsewhere, giving businesses a later shortcut. saving Grazioso Salvare and other companies time and space.</br>
